boot/README.md, before:

Universal RAMP Boot Loader `(/boot/boot.ks)`
============================================

This program is intended to manage any kind of craft without needing to access the archive in real-time.

It can update RAMP code on ship's drive, extend antennas to reach Kerbal Space Center and also look for a ship-specific mission file. When no connection to KSC is available, it will work offline without prejudice.

Folder structure
----------------

Since kOS v1.0.0 there is support for subfolders. A special subfolder called `boot` holds the scripts that can be selected during ship building in VAB or SPH. (See https://ksp-kos.github.io/KOS/general/volumes.html#boot for more info). You should copy `boot.ks` inside that folder, and all other RAMP files into `/ramp` folder. This let your script folder free for any files you want to use.
When it runs, `boot.ks` will look for a file with the same name of your ship inside `/start` folder, then copy that file to ship's drive and runs it from there. You can update ship's start script at any time, and the next time kOS computer reboots, it will look for the new version, copy and run it. (As long is possible to communicate with KSC, otherwise will proceed with any copy of the script it have saved locally.)
Optionally, RAMP can log its console outputs to a file in `/logs` folder. See `lib_ui.ks` file for more details.

Craft startup script
---------------------

You should provide a craft startup script in the `/start` folder that contains
your vessel's mission logic.

If no script is found for your craft, `boot.ks` will just copy all RAMP scripts
to the vessel's drive and stop.

You can use the script `initialize.ks` to create a sample mission for your ship. You'll find the sample script in the `/start` folder and will be named after your ship. Although it's a sample, it might get you to Mun if you uncomment the transfer command:

```
// We choose go to to the Mun and do the other things!
set target to mun.

// TODO: Do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard!
//run transfer.
```

Feel free to change that to anything that suits your mission, or to copy a
more robust and complete example from the scripts under the `mission/`
folder.

Disk space usage
----------------

RAMP scripts use about 150kb of memory. That seems low, but default kOS hard disk values are very small. In order to be able to load RAMP into ship's memory, is suggested to use a `ModuleManager` patch, for example:
```
@PART[kOSMachine1m]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 524288
	}
}
@PART[KAL9000]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 262144
	}
}
@PART[KR-2042]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 16384
	}
}
@PART[kOSMachineRad]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 131072
	}
}
```

Commit message:

Updated documentation to match script
Initialize is mentioned here as well!

boot/README.md, after:

Universal RAMP Boot Loader `(/boot/boot.ks)`
============================================

This script is intended to install the scripts required for the processor to complete its mission.
If the home connection is available, all (or part) of the RAMP scripts are installed to local storage as well as an optional core-specific mission script.  The mission script (if any) is executed regardless of the presence or absence of a connection.

Folder structure
----------------

Support for subdirectories was added in kOS v1.0.0.  A special directory named `/boot` holds the boot scripts which can be selected in the editor.  Please see https://ksp-kos.github.io/KOS/general/volumes.html#boot for additional information.  The contents of the repository's `boot` directory should be copied into that directory, and all other RAMP files should be copied into a directory named `/ramp`.

By default, the `boot.ks` script will copy the entire contents of the `/ramp` directory to local storage.  It can be helpful to conserve local storage by only copying a subset of that directory.  As an example, assume that you have a small processor which only requires `lib_ui.ks` and `lib_parts.ks` in addition to the mission script.  Copy the `boot.ks` script to another name (say `boot_small.ks`) in the `/boot` directory, and change the line `SET FLS TO "".` to `SET FLS TO LIST("lib_ui", "lib_parts").` in the new file.

Mission script
--------------

Mission scripts are stored in the `/start` directory.  They are named for the vessel (and optionally, the core) upon which they run.  If the boot script is executed on a core with no name tag on a vessel named "Mun Mission", the script would be named `/start/Mun Mission.ks`.  For a core with the name tag "Probe" on a vessel named "Test Relay", the script would be named `/start/Test Relay - Probe.ks`.  If a script is found, it will be executed after files are copied.

You can use the script `initialize.ks` to create a sample file for your core.  The sample code is similar to this:
```
// We choose go to to the Mun and do the other things!
set target to mun.

// TODO: Do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard!
//run transfer.
```

Feel free to change that to anything that suits your mission, or to copy a
more robust and complete example from the scripts under the `mission/`
folder.

Disk space usage
----------------

RAMP scripts use about 150kb of memory. That seems low, but default kOS hard disk values are very small. In order to be able to load RAMP into ship's memory, is suggested to use a `ModuleManager` patch, for example:
```
@PART[kOSMachine1m]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 524288
	}
}
@PART[KAL9000]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 262144
	}
}
@PART[KR-2042]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 16384
	}
}
@PART[kOSMachineRad]
{
	@MODULE[kOSProcessor]
	{
		diskSpace = 131072
	}
}
```
